NOTE: UNZIP THIS ZIP INTO A DIRECTORY. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO RUN FROM WITHIN ZIP FILE!

---INTRO---
Welcome to the source directory of TexasHoldem by Connor Burns! Here you will find
the instructions for how to run, use, and view the source code of this app.

As with every program, there's always more to add, fix, and make better. The version
packaged here is version 1.0. This means that it is in a complete form. However, as
with every program with over 2000 lines, there will always be minor bugs. All the major
ones have been fixed, but to fix and find every single minor bug would be impossible
within our time constraints. Below are a list of the KNOWN bugs. These are intentional
and are considered bugs, but were not pushed to utmost importance in version 1.0.
- Very rarely, when two people join, on the first person to join's screen only one person
 will render and show up, even though the server clearly gives it information for another
 player. This bug is very rare, and will fix itself if the following steps are performed:
  1. Press start game on the current bugged-instance
  2. Close ALL the instances connected to that server
  3. Reopen the program, and connect two new instances to a NEW server
 At this point, the bug should have resolved itself, as it is extremely rare that this will occur
 (it only ever happened 2 times during testing)
- On the server, aces can be considered low rather than high on even rarer scenarios than
 the previous bug. For the amount of time it would take to fix, and the rarity of the bug 
 once again, this one wasn't worth putting into version 1.0
- After selection of the server in the introduction screen, no game screen opens. This has
 only ever happened a few times, and never on a windows computer. The fix to this bug is to
 open another instance of the game. This will most likely update the JVM and force the previous
 window to open
- When a button is clicked multiple times, issues can occur. This isn't as much of a bug, as
 it is really just a left-out feature (disable the buttons after one has been pressed). For
 example, if you raise the bet twice before the server updates and says you've raised, it will
 raise double. Once again, super rare, and won't happen if you don't press a button more than
 once every 2 seconds (which you shouldn't anyway)
- Resizing results in really messed-up ratios and ends up looking bad. Please keep window at
 fullscreen to prevent wacky screen ratios.
- High-res screens often have smaller cards, possibly making them more difficult to read. 
 Version 2.0 would have dynamically resizing cards.

**The source code is located in the /source directory.
**The server code (written in NodeJS, PHP, JSON, and BASH) is located in the /server directory.


---SHORTENED INSTRUCTIONS---
**For full instructions, see next section
**Be sure only to include alphanumeric characters in the username (a-z,A-Z,0-9)
There are three different ways provided to run the program. The easiest and least
likely to fail due to human error is by simply double-clicking the jar file in the
root directory of the zip. This will hide the program console (debug) and run the
program in production mode (what would be released to the world). To view the debug
console, view full instructions in run section. All of the source code is inside the
/source folder. Finally, if any errors are encountered, please visit the "EXPECTED
ERRORS" section.


---FULL INSTRUCTIONS---
TO RUN:
It is recommended that you do NOT manually compile the source code, but use the
TexasHoldem.jar file included in the download. To run this, either double-click
the file, or enter command prompt, change the directory to the current one, then
enter this command: "java -jar TexasHoldem.jar". This will use the current console
window as the program output. If you truly desire running the source code, then
run the command "javac **.java" in the source root directory, and then enter the
command "java GameLauncher". This method is not advised, as there are many moving
parts and many places for error. It is for this reason I also included a .bat file,
which will run all these commands for you. It is called "run.bat" and is located in
the /source directory.
When the program is run, expect a download screen, as it checks to make sure all the
needed image resources are available, and if they are not, downloads them. All these
images are not included in this folder, so it will download them to the /TexasHoldem_assets
directory.

TO VIEW SOURCE CODE:
Simply visit the /source directory and all the source code will be located there in
the form of .java files. Please note that the package org.json is an external, open
source JSON parser used to turn String responses from the server into JSONObjects,
enabling Java to read data from the server effectively. I did not write this library
myself, as it would have taken years, just as it would to program a JFrame without using
javax.swing.

EXPECTED ERRORS:
1. The most common error is an ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception on a JFrame. This can
be ignored as it has no effect on the client, and is completely intentional for debug
purposes.

2. When on the instructions screen, the list of servers just says "Loading..." and
never lists servers.
    - This means that there was some sort of error connecting to the server. Please
    make sure you are properly connected to the internet, that you don't have port
    52 blocked on your computer/network (it shouldn't be, but you never know). After
    checking these things, restart the program and try again. If the problem persists,
    its most likely on the server-side. The program is supposed to be able to fix this
    on its own, but if not, wait 5-10 minutes and try again. If that doesn't work, then
    I will have to rerun the server within 30 minutes of the program being run to enable
    short-term mode, although, in theory, this should never happen.

3. The server list shows up correctly, but errors out when I click on "Join Server"
    - The best thing to do here is rerun it. This only seems to occur when manually compiling
    the source code, and the chances of it happening again, from my experience, are 1 in 
    100. If the problem persists, try waiting 5-10 minutes and reruning.